[Music]
nine home remedies to get rid of circles
under the eyes dark circles under the
eyes is a problem that's familiar to
almost everyone there are dozens of
reasons why they appear but there are
also a lot of ways to get rid of this
nuisance a consultation with a
specialist healthy eating and sleep
usually natural face masks and
compresses and other solutions to suit
all tastes and a lot of these procedures
can be done at home without spending
lots of money so throw your eye patches
away and listen up as we found 9 simple
remedies which will help your eyes to
look bright and sparkling watch the
video to discover all these little tips
that will make you forget about eye
circles forever
number 9 rosewater rosewater moisturizes
and nourishes the skin helps to get rid
of swelling redness and itching and has
a whitening and rejuvenating effect you
can easily buy it in a store or pharmacy
but if for some reason you can't find it
you can make your rosewater at home all
you'll need is a fresh petal from run
rose plus one glass of hot water
first of all rinse the rose petals and
put them in a small saucepan then pour a
glass of hot water in and let everything
cool after some time drain everything
into a sanitized container and it's done
it's better to keep homemade rose water
in a fridge but don't forget that it's
fresh and usable only for a week so how
to use homemade rose water properly
simply moisten two cotton pads with it
apply them to the area under your eyes
and leave it for about 15 minutes try to
repeat this procedure every morning and
evening for better results
number eight sweet almond oil almond oil
truly works wonders for your skin it
removes dead skin cells reduces wrinkles
delays the visible signs of aging and
has a good and healthy overall effect on
your skin it also makes the skin around
the eyes tight and if used regularly
helps get rid of swelling and circles
under the eyes just apply two or three
drops of oil with light massaging
movements every night before you go to
sleep you'll see the results during the
first week of using it's all thanks to
the vitamin E which not only lightens
the dark circles but also reduces the
crow's feet around the eyes there's
truly nothing that the almond oil can't
do number seven potato juice potatoes
contain natural whitening components and
vitamins A and C they not only remove
your dark circles but also gently
moisturize the eye area and reduce the
swelling that may occur it's very easy
to make too great a raw potato and
squeeze the juice then moisten cotton
pads in it apply them to your eyes and
leave it like that for about 10 minutes
when the times come wash your face you
can always finish the process by
massaging your eyes at the job of olive
or peach oil for an additional effect
use this homemade remedy every day for
two weeks and dark circles won't bother
you anymore
number six cucumber compress
it's pretty much common knowledge that
cucumbers are great for refreshing your
eyes I mean the image of the woman with
the facemask and a couple of cucumbers
on her eyes became almost classic
cucumber is a very natural and effective
remedy for swelling and dark circles
under the eyes it contains a large
number of antioxidants and has a cool
whitening effect which works perfectly
for the delicate skin around the eyes so
if you want to try it slice the cucumber
into thick rounds and put it in the
fridge for about 30 minutes then take
them out of the fridge and apply to your
eyes make sure that they cover all the
problem areas and leave them for about
10 or 15 minutes then wash your face
with cool water
repeat this routine every day for a week
for the more prominent results number 5
tea compress tea is rich in caffeine and
antioxidants which makes it a great
remedy for dark circles and swelling
make a cup of green or black tea wait
for it to cool then soak cotton pads in
the cup and apply to the eyes using tea
bags is also an option here
leave this compress on for about 10 or
15 minutes apply it every day for a week
and you'll notice some significant
improvement tea contains something
called tannins that stimulate your blood
circulation and freshens up your look
alkaloids are also a part of teas
composition they leave you with a
healthy and beautiful skin glow way to
kill two birds with one stone
number four milk and bread Mass
milk tones up and moisturizes your skin
it contains vitamins A and b6 which are
very important for keeping the good look
as they are the ones that help to build
new skin cells and above all it contains
the vitamin b12 which naturally whitens
the skin red on the other hand contains
yeast rich in vitamin B which soothes
the skin and neutralizes rashes combine
these two and you will get one of the
best home remedies for these annoying
dark circles so you just have to make a
paste of white bread and milk then apply
the finish mask but make sure that the
layer isn't too thick leave it for about
10 or 15 minutes and then remove if you
make an effort to use this mask
regularly the dark circles under your
eyes will soon disappear number three
tomato juice tomatoes contain lysa Penn
an antioxidant that strengthens
capillary walls it also contains some
elements that not only whiten your skin
it also softens it it's full of vitamins
that have a fantastic effect on the skin
vitamin A regenerates a damaged skin
vitamin B renews the skin cells and
vitamin C stimulates cellular metabolism
sounds quite incredible right well if
you want to try this method here's
exactly what you should do
applied tomato juice over the problem
areas and leave it for about 10 minutes
then wash your face with cool water
don't forget to repeat this procedure
every day for two weeks straight the
result definitely won't disappoint you
number two massage and exercises
massages and exercises they're certainly
underestimated when it comes to getting
rid of the dark circles these methods
will help you not only to remove the
problem but they'll also have a good
effect on your vision this two-step
procedure should always start with a
massage so here's how you do it use your
fingertips to massage the area under the
eyes light movements for about two or
three minutes move from the temples to
the nasal bridge along the lower lid
to avoid excessive pressure on the
eyeball don't massage the upper lid
don't press too hard the skin around the
eyes is very sensitive so it should be
treated carefully after you're done with
the massage it's a good idea to apply an
eye cream make sure your movements don't
stretch the skin now it's time to do the
exercises
first and foremost close your eyes use
index fingers to fix the skin on the
outer corners of the eyes to avoid
wrinkles tightly close your eyes for six
seconds then relax your eyelids repeat
at least ten times this method gives
some really great results by doing all
of the above you stimulate the blood
circulation and tone the muscles under
your eyes it also helps if you want to
have a younger looking skin and avoid
wrinkles just try it you'll be amazed by
his effectiveness number one herbal ice
cubes ice has a great effect on the skin
it makes it more elastic lose wrinkles
and reduces swelling if you freeze a
brew made with medicinal herbs this
remedy will be even more effective to
make these magical ice cubes you will
need some sage leaves cornflowers
chamomile flowers and parsley either
fresh or dried one step one is to take a
teaspoon of each herb for every six
point seven six ounces of water then
pour in boiling water and leave it like
this for about two hours cool it pour
into ice molds and put in a freezer and
that's basically it all you have to do
is rub the areas around the eyes with an
ice cube every morning for about 30
seconds for perfect and healthy looking
eyes repeat this process for two weeks
straight
sage herbals are very common ingredients
for i jealous because they make the skin
look fresh and well cared for corn
flowers are very effective for reducing
the bags under the eyes chamomile
flowers reduce the puffiness and make
the skin glow and
is really good for whitening the skin so
it's no wonder that together these
ingredients form a killer mixture that
allows you to solve this beauty problem
completely and there you go removing
dark eye circles just seems to be a
struggle it's way easier than you'd ever
think and what helps you get rid of the
dark circles tell us about your
experience in the comments section below
don't forget to hit the like button and
share this video with your friends
subscribe to our channel for more Beauty
related and other interesting and fun
videos and always stay on the bright
side of life with us